### Review
yesterday I find that I can ssh into the server without VPN if I connect to NUS_STU wifi.   The day before yesterday I had the weekly meeting with Weng-Fai Wong, it was great and I knew something about my project. 

We are trying to improve the GPGPU-Sim, not the real hardware. It is a simulation of real hardware, but in software method, so it will be very slow. All we want to do is to make it from 'very slow' to 'slow'. We want to add nvprof in GPGPU-Sim, and it will be like combine them together. Some parts of the code will be run in GPGPU-Sim , some will be run on nvprof. The reason why we want to use GPGPU-Sim is that it is easy to modify the hardware setting through it. Otherwise we can only modify real hardware, it is not easy. 

DNN is only the code that we want to test. We do not need to change the DNN, we just want to test its performance .

### Today
try to get familar about compiling files in linux. And nvprof.

know how to tranfer my files or directories to linux via ssh, just pscp filename zongyi@xxxxxxx, it is quite easy. If I want to tranfer a directory, use -r.

to compile C projects in linux, just need to gcc filename(maybe more than one) -o output_name
to compile C++  change gcc to g++
to compile CUDA change gcc to nvcc

now I basiclly know how to compile projects. But to compile CUDA project, when I want to 'nvcc xxx.h xxx.cu' it says do not know what to do with .h files. Work on it.

hope that makefile will work. find a good tutorial http://scc.qibebt.cas.cn/docs/linux/base/%B8%FA%CE%D2%D2%BB%C6%F0%D0%B4Makefile-%B3%C2%F0%A9.pdf
it does work, and OX practice--laplace3d works well. After all, all the work should be done in makefile.
So now , I know how to compile the code and run it on linux. Then, to learn how to write code.
Since nvprof is very important, learn it first.

now I can use nvprof in the command line. But still ,I cannot insert it into the programme, and pick some parameters(time, memory used) seperately.

but today, we find that why I could not run 'make ' in GPGPU-Sim, it is because the permission of the folder. After we change it ,I  can run. And, more specific, I can run LeNet in GPGPU-Sim. It takes much time, I close it before it ends.
So, today I get the GPGPU-Sim right. And I can run application in GPGPU-Sim now. Meanwhile, it is okay to use nvprof to trace the application in command line. However, Jason recommended that CUPTI might be the better choice. Begin to work on it.